# Todo List

Welcome to Todo List, a powerful task management application that helps you stay organized and productive. This README provides an overview of the project structure, features, and instructions to get started.

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Website](#website)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [Contributions](#contributions)
- [Feedback and Support](#feedback-and-support)
## Features

Todo List offers the following key features:

- Task Management: Add, edit, and mark tasks as complete or important. Assign priority levels (high, medium, low) and set due dates and times for tasks. Tasks are color-coded (red, yellow, green) based on priority.
- Project Management: Create, edit, delete, and mark projects as important. View tasks associated with each project or see all tasks from all projects.
- Note Management: Create, edit, and mark notes as important. Keep track of important information alongside your tasks and projects.
- Dark/Light Theme: Toggle between dark and light themes to suit your preference and improve readability.
- Search Functionality: Utilize the search bar to filter and display tasks, projects, and notes that match your search query. The search results highlight the matching text for easy identification.
- Task Filtering: Filter tasks by categories such as today, this week, important, high priority, and completed. Additionally, tasks can be sorted based on remaining due time or priority.
- Sidebar Control: Maximize and minimize the sidebar to optimize the usage of screen space and focus on the content.
## Website
You can access the Todo List page online at: [https://shahir-47.github.io/Todo-List/](https://shahir-47.github.io/Todo-list/)
## Technologies
The Todo List application was developed using the following technologies:

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- Webpack
- npm
- Git
## Project Structure

The project structure consists of the following files and folders:

- `dist`: Contains the distribution folder generated by Webpack. Refer to the `dist/README.md` for more details about the distribution folder and its contents.
- `node_modules`: Stores the installed dependencies for the project. This folder is automatically generated when installing project dependencies using npm.
- `src`: Contains the source code and assets for the project. Refer to the `src/README.md` for more details about the source folder and its structure.
- `.gitignore`: Specifies the files and folders that should be ignored by version control systems like Git. It includes the `node_modules` folder to prevent it from being tracked in the repository.
- `package-lock.json`: Provides information about the project's dependencies and their versions. This file is automatically generated and helps ensure consistent installations across different environments.
- `package.json`: Contains metadata and configuration details for the project, including dependencies, scripts, and project information.
- `webpack.config.js`: Configures the Webpack build process for the project, specifying entry points, output paths, loaders, and other settings.

## Getting Started

To get started with Todo List, follow these steps:

1. Clone the project repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the project's root folder.
3. Install the project dependencies by running the following command:
```sh
npm install
```
4. Customize the project to meet your specific requirements. Modify the task management, project management, note management, and styling logic in the source files located in the `src/` folder.
5. Build the project by running the following command:
```sh
npm run build
```
This command will compile the source code, assets, and configurations into the `dist/` folder.
6. Open the `dist/index.html` file in your preferred web browser to access the Todo List application.
7. Explore the various features of Todo List, such as adding tasks, managing projects, creating notes, filtering tasks, and switching themes.
8. Customize the application further, add additional functionality, or make any necessary modifications to suit your needs.
## Credits
- Developed by [Shahir Ahmed](https://github.com/shahir-47)
- Source code available on [GitHub](https://github.com/shahir-47Todo-List)
## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). Feel free to use, modify, and distribute the code according to the terms of the license.

## Acknowledgements

- [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)
- [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)
- [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com)
- [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)
## Contributions

Contributions to Todo List are welcome! If you have any suggestions, improvements, or bug fixes, please submit them as pull requests. You can also report any issues or request new features through the project's issue tracker.

## Feedback and Support

If you have any questions, encounter any issues, or need support with Todo List, please feel free to contact me at [ahmeds@dickinson.edu]. I appreciate your feedback and I am here to help you.

Enjoy using Todo List to organize your tasks, projects, and notes efficiently and effortlessly!
